# CIS641 Meeting Minutes Info

Team name: Lakeshore Misfits

Members present: Khiem Nguyen, Selena Cade, Munmi Thakuria

Date: 2023-10-15

Time: 8:30 PM - 10:00 PM

## Discussion points:

### HW 3 Team Portion - SRS Document

-   Khiem has created a folder and template for the SRS document.

-   Khiem has finished his requirements before vacation and has added them to the SRS Documents.

-   Selena has finished her requirements and will add it tonight.

-   Munmi is wrapping hers up and will add her requirements once Selena is finished.

-   The team is happy with the setup of the SRS document.

-   The team talked about how we should merge our requirements into the SRS document.

-   The team agreed to keep similar requirements as is if it already exists in the document and add only new one that is distinct enough.

-   The team clarified that requirements must use fulfillable language such as "Shall" or "Must."

-   Khiem will revise his requirements in his HW submission and the SRS document to use fullfillable languages.

### HW 3 Team Portion - Team Website

-   The website is nearly complete. Munmi created the website for the team last weekend, and Khiem revised the layout and added some content to it.

-   Selena will add our GitHub Repository document links to the webpage later today.

### UI Mockups

-   Khiem created new UI Mockups for the General Layout of the App, Mock Site Page (2 Versions), Contrast Checker Page, and About Us Page.

-   The team is generally happy with the images and has no complaints.

### Group Presentation

-   Khiem has created the midterm presentation for the group since everyone was busy with midterms and catching up on assignments.

-   The midterm presentation slides are nearly complete, with just the Schedule missing.

-   Khiem will work on the Gantt Chart and Schedule for the slide and base it off the estimate, and Schedule Selena came up with for the proposal.

-   The team walked through and reviewed the slides in the presentation, with Khiem as presenter, and was overall happy with the presentation slides.

-   Selena and Munmi's only criticism was that they believe two sections, the "Pages" and "Mockup UI Pages," should be merged. One was a text description of the pages, and the other was image slides.

-   The team worked together and updated the order of the slides.

-   The team divided up responsibilities during the presentation:

    -   Khiem: (1) Intro to Team, (2) Project Overview, & (6) Extra Info [If there is time!]

    -   Selena: (3) Application Features

    -   Munmi: (4) Task Delegation & (5) Project Schedule

    -   Khiem will help aid anyone who is stuck on their slides.

### Implementation

-   Khiem thinks the group should start implementation sooner than initially anticipated.

-   Khiem will set up the project's React application for the team and the routes this coming week (Sprint 1).

-   Khiem thinks the group should start investigating how to implement their respective responsibilities and technologies and start implementing them the following week (Sprint 2).

## Goals for next week (include responsibilities):

-   The team will meet up to go over the presentation slides and practice.

    -   Responsibilities: Attendees, All

-   The team discusses initializing implementation and researching how to set up their respective components/files.

    -   Responsibilities: Attendees, All

    -   Responsibilities: Note-Takers, Selena & Khiem

    -   Responsibilities: Meeting-Minutes Writers, Khiem

    -   Responsibilities: Meeting-Minute Reviewers, Munmi & Selena

-   Khiem will set up the initial project's React application.

    -   Responsibilities: Developer, Khiem

-   The team will research how to set up their respective components/files and use the required technologies.

    -   Responsibilities: Developers, All
